hey guys so today I'm going to be doing
my iphone case collection I really like
watching these videos and I have a huge
obsession with iphone cases um I have
the iphone 5 and I love it so I have
accumulated various of different types
of iphone cases so i thought i would
share with you guys if you're wondering
yes i did get a new set up i'm in the
middle of redoing my room I don't have a
twin size bed anymore and I kind of
change up my whole theme of my room I
don't know I'm Selena if you guys want
like a room tour at first 2 i'm gonna
show you our pretty boring they're
similar I'll good show you them together
and they're just clear cases I believe I
got these for Christmas like both years
um they're just like in my stocking this
one is just like a neon green and I like
neon green so um gappa I don't know why
I mean they don't protect your phone so
that's kind of dangerous to have these
on there this is the case that i have on
my phone right now it just has different
colored sunglasses on it I got it during
the summer and I really liked it this
doesn't protect the front of your phone
but I just think it's pretty and this
one I got from forever 21 then I have
this one this one is one of those really
protective ones it's not like a super
super super protecting one but it's
pretty protective compared to the other
ones I've showed you it protects the
front of your phone I think they're
called like in case cases and my friend
Lex actually sold this to me and I lost
the bottom of it so yeah I can't really
use it which sucks so my next iphone
case looks like this it looks really
plain because it had a huge i think it
was like a peacock on it it was super
bedazzled but that fell off so i was
pretty much just left with this and i
don't think i'm going to use it ever
again because i don't really like the
look of it right now the next one that i
have is this sparkly purplish pink one I
really like this one I think it looks
super pretty on white so this one is
from ross i believe i get a lot of my
phone cases i just because they're
literally like three four dollars and i
thought this one was just really pretty
so super sparkly so my next one is one
that i recently had on my phone before
the sunglass case and it was this one
this one I got from Ross as well and I
think it's super pretty I got a lot of
ments on it it's very cheaply cheaply
made um because it got super scratched
in the meantime of me using it not
really rough with it so this just tells
you how cheap it is but I still think
it's really really pretty my next one is
this one this one was kind of just like
a purchase on the whim like I wasn't
looking for a phone case I was just in
one of those stands that are in the
middle of malls and those people get you
once you try on a phone case that you
like you like fall in love in they like
make you buy it so this one I got one of
those and I thought it was really pretty
at the time I still think it's really
pretty but I just I don't know I guess
it's pretty unique this one was actually
like my first iphone case I believe
because I really wanted to show off the
back of the phone and this one's pretty
protective as well it's like a hard
rubber material on the side so it covers
the front of your phone and like I said
I like lime green so my last normal type
iphone case is this one I absolutely
love it um I was really obsessed with
these like butter I don't even know what
they're called I called mine like a
pillowcase just because it was super
squishy and just very um thick and it's
just like a little is this like a polar
bear I think so but I just like the
colors of it they have them in tons of
different colors I got it again at one
of those little stands I got it in the
San Francisco mall they probably still
have it and I got it white to match my
phone then I have two wallet phone cases
first one that I got is this one I just
got it in this color because my favorite
color is turquoise and I got this off of
amazon and my friend Clara actually want
me hooked on these cases and Pedro so
when you open it up it has a space for
your phone and literally fits perfectly
when you're using you can just fold it
over and like be on it i was literally
obsessed with this for the longest time
and then it has these slots for like
cards and stuff and I don't even know
how to panera guard what and then my
next one I got from Target and it looks
like this this one's very very good
quality i believe i paid almost and it
goes like around forty dollars but it
was it's really good quality
it almost feels like real leather and so
it basically has a spot for your phone
also has rooms for your cards and then
I'm like a little pocket they're also if
you kind of like to keep everything in
one spot and like with you in the entire
time because when I would be shopping I
literally only take that with me and my
hands would be like free so that was
everything for this video I hope you
guys enjoyed and um yeah so leave
requests down in the comments below and
I will talk to you guys later bye